Update troubleshooting.md (#1748)
MicrosoftDocs/WSL: WSL/troubleshooting.md

Please note that adding this command will include metadata and modify the file permissions on the Windows files seen from WSL. Please see the [File System Permissions](./file-permissions.md) for more information.

### Fails to use wsl remotely by using OpenSSH on windows

If you are using openssh-server on windows and tring to access wsl remotely, you many see this error:

```cmd
The file cannot be accessed by the system.
```

> It's a [known issue](./store-release-notes.md#known-issues), and solution to this is to change wsl version to wsl1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a [known issue](./store-release-notes.md#known-issues), 
when using the Store version of WSL. You can work around this today by using WSL 1, or by using the in-Windows version of WSL. See https://aka.ms/wslstoreinfo for more info.
```
